React Native App (m3u8 Video Streaming)

Questions:-
1. What's your favorites state management library for react and why?
Answer: (i) Redux- Deterministic state resolution (enabling deterministic 
view renders when combined with pure components).
Transactional state.
Isolate state management from I/O and side-effects.
Single source of truth for application state.
Easily share state between different components.
Transaction telemetry (auto-logging action objects).
Time travel debugging.
(ii) React Hooks- Use state and hook into the component lifecycle without using a class.
Colocate related logic in one place in your component, 
rather than splitting it between various lifecycle methods.
Share reusable behaviors independent of component implementations (like the render prop pattern).

2. Write some react native best practices.
Answer:  No best practices

3.Which coding style you prefer wet or dry and why?
Answer: dry - Don’t Repeat Yourself (DRY) is a software development principle, 
the main aim of which is to reduce repetition of code.
4.What do you prefer expo or vanilla react native and why?
Answer: It all depends on the requirements and functionality you want to implement in your app. 
If you are a beginner and you are trying to digest the behavior, environment and workflows of react-native 
or any educational purpose is involved then Expo is the best choice for you. It will thrive you to go through 
these tough workflows easily. If this is not a big issue for you, and you want to give expo a try then go ahead 
Expo may be the right choice. However, if your app requires a specific functionality and packages with native modules
 (written with native languages), it’s better to go with Vanilla React Native.
 As for me, the only drawback is that without Expo the project setup will take more time, 
 but if you understand how the packages linking works and how to set up an app via Android Studio and XCode, 
 you will easily develop React Native project without Expo.

